shibata added English to some eadme.md and translated vantiq-install-closed-network-aws.md and fluentd.md (#24)
fujitake/vantiq-related: vantiq-cloud-infra-operations/docs/eng/vantiq-install-closed-network-aws.md

- Create a Private Link with VPC Endpoint menu.  
  - `s3.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com`
- Configure a Private Link to s3 in the route table of the subnet where the EKS Worker Node is hosted.  
- Create a Endpoint with VPS Endpoint menu -> Private DNS Zone will be enabled.  
  - `ec2.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com`
  - `dkr.ecr.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com`
  - `api.ecr.ap-northeast-1.amazonaws.com`
  - EKS endpoints (`ap-northeast-1.eks.amazonaws.com`) and RDS endpoints (`ap-northeast-1.rds.amazonaws.com`) should be able to be resolved as private in the configuration, but make sure to confirm this by nslookup from within the VPC.  

## About the use of Proxy servers
When configuring a Proxy, access to the Proxy is done before DNS resolution. This means that if nothing is done, the DNS resolution of the Private Endpoint will be done on the DNS server.（Reference: https://milestone-of-se.nesuke.com/nw-basic/grasp-nw/proxy/) _(Japanese)_

So, it is necessary to make sure that Private Endpoint is set to `NO_PROXY`.  

#### Reference
- https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/eks-http-proxy-configuration-automation/?nc1=h_ls

> The reference URL is not fully configured and does not cover all Private Endpoints required by Vantiq. Also refer to the following. Replace CIDR `172.X.X.X/XX` and endpoint region `ap-northeast-1` as appropriate for the environment. As for `<cluster certificate key>`, please refer to [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/private-clusters.html).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reference URL is not fully configured and does not cover all Private Endpoints required by Vantiq. Also refer to the following. Replace CIDR `172.X.X.X/XX` and endpoint region `ap-northeast-1` whereever applicable for your environment. As for `<cluster certificate key>`, please refer to [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/private-clusters.html).  
```
